I would like to give thanks to the following for their support and contributions:

Contributions:
	MPRIS2 remote control and emit a dbus signal named 'update_state' (You can try using: dbus- monitor "member='update_state'") and toggle visibility of pragha. Thanks to Hakan Erduman.
	Folder / Files library view replaced by Foders Estructure (like in foobar2000). Again thank you very much to Roberto DMD. A new feature that everyone loved.
	Drag'n drop several items in Library/Playlist/Current_playlist. Very thanks to Guillaume Royer.
	Add files to the current playlist by dragging them from file browser. Very thanks to Guillaume Royer.
	Add option to start pragha minimized, fullscreen, or remember the last window state. Inspired in Nathan Wayde patch.

Bugfixes:
	Fix small spelling mistake. thank to c_k...@gmx.de.
	Fix typo thanks to Timm Bäder.
	Fix display files with non-utf8 locale. Thanks to Roberto DMD.
	Fix open urls without gvfs. Thanks to Roberto DMD.
	Set the labels to wrap on display properties dialog. Thanks to Nathan Wayde.
	Use g_get_user_config_dir() instead of g_get_home_dir() and then concatenating "/.config". Thanks to Sebcactus.
	Use Desktop file XDG compliant. Thanks to Christoph.
	Use shared files XDG compliant. Thanks to Christoph.

Translations:
	Updated Czech translation thank to Alois.
	Update Swedish thanks to monotux.
	Update German thanks to Cwickert.
	Add Hungiran translatiton.
	Add Dutch translatition. Thanks to Zenlord.
	Update Brazilian Portuguese translation. Thanks to Secipolla.
	Update Rusian translation. Thanks to Pendalf.
	Update Czech translation. Thanks to Alois Nešpor.
	Update German translation. Thanks to Cwickert.
	Update German translation. Thanks to Christoph Wickert.
	Add Brazilian Portuguese translation. Thanks to Sergio Cipolla.
	Update Polish translation. Thanks to Sid.
	Update German translation. Thanks to PhotonX.
	Add initial Swedish language. Thanks to Zwopper.
	Update Czech translation. Thanks to Alois.
	German translation thanks to PhotonX.
	Polish translation thanks to Sid.
	Spanish translation thanks to msdelos.
	Polish translation thanks to Sid.
	Portuguese translation thanks to Lyceuhns.
	Spanish translation thanks to msdelos.
	Update of french translation thank to Aloïs Halel.
	Rusian translation thanks to Evgen.
	Czech translation thanks to alois.nespor.
	Japanese translation thanks to Masato Hashimoto.
	Spanish translation thanks to msdelos.
	German translation thanks to PhotonX.
	Add Polish translation thanks to Krzysztof Komorowski.
	Add Norwegian language, thanks to Kim.
	Add German translation, thanks to PhotonX.
	Add russian and ukrainian language, thanks to Evgen.

Thanks to others projects.
	Global keybindings thanks to keybinder. Inspired on osdlyrics.
	Support for adding folders recursively in file chooser (Based on Audacius code. /src/ui_fileopen.c).
	Basic queue playlist support. Special thanks to Christian Hergert by gtkcellrendererbubble.

If you feel that you should be in this list and I didn't remember to add you in it, please send me an e-mail! :-)

